## [Game 1 ](https://lichess.org/5DgeapHv) - Rapid (10+5) - Black

This game transitioned from a middlegame into an endgame extremely quickly, resulting in a long and drawn out endgame. Ultimately, white resigned, increasing my rating to 1251.

### PGN

```
1. e4 c6 2. Bc4?! d5 3. exd5 cxd5 4. Bb5+ Bd7 5. Nc3 Nf6?! 6. Nf3 Nc6 7. O-O e5?? 8. d3?? d4 9. Na4? e4?? 10. dxe4 Nxe4?! 11. Nxd4 Nxd4 12. Qxd4 Bxb5 13. Qxd8+?? Rxd8 14. Nc3 Nxc3 15. Re1+ Be7?! 16. bxc3 Rd7 17. Be3 O-O 18. Bxa7 Bf6 19. Re3 Re7 20. Bd4 Rxe3 21. fxe3 Bxd4?! 22. cxd4 Re8 23. Re1 Bc4 24. a4 b6 25. c3 h6 26. Rb1 Rxe3 27. Rc1 Bb3 28. h3 Bxa4 29. Kh2 g5 30. d5 Rd3 31. c4 f5 32. c5 bxc5 33. Rxc5 g4 34. d6?? Rxd6?? 35. Rxf5 gxh3 36. gxh3 Rd2+ 37. Kg3 Rd3+ 38. Kh4?? Bc2?? 39. Ra5 Bd1?? 40. Rh5?? Bxh5 41. Kxh5 Rxh3+ 42. Kg4 Rh1?! 
```

### Opening

The opening for this game was the [[Caro-Kann Defense#Hillbilly Attack|Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack]]. My first failure of the opening occurred on move 5...Nf6?!, where I could have instead pushed the pawn forward.

```chesser
fen: rn1qkb1r/pp1bpppp/5n2/1B1p4/8/2N5/PPPP1PPP/R1BQK1NR w KQkq - 4 6
orientation: black
drawable: true
id: gpCgHG7i
viewOnly: true
```

This move made the position go from -0.7 to -0.3. My next blunder (which should have cost me the game) was 7...e5?? - I decided to take space in the center, but I should have focused on developing my bishop instead.

```chesser
fen: rn1qkb1r/pp1bpppp/5n2/1B1p4/8/2N5/PPPP1PPP/R1BQK1NR w KQkq - 4 6
orientation: black
drawable: true
id: gpCgHG7i
viewOnly: true
```

This blunder took the average centipawn loss from even to +1.3, completely winning for white. After 8. Bxc6 Bxc6, white could simply do 9. Nxe5 and be up a solid pawn, also infiltrating the position. However, white did not play this.

### Middlegame

The middlegame was extremely short. The first blunder was 9...e4??, where I decided to try and gambit a pawn. I had calculated an extremely long 'takes' line leaving me in a winning endgame, and despite it being extremely dubious, my opponent simply walked into it.

```chesser
fen: rn1qkb1r/pp1bpppp/5n2/1B1p4/8/2N5/PPPP1PPP/R1BQK1NR w KQkq - 4 6
orientation: black
drawable: true
id: gpCgHG7i
viewOnly: true
```

This blunder dropped the evaluation from -1.5 to +1.3, as it ruined my center development. The correct move was developing the bishop out of the way so as to castle, and not leaving my king in the center of the board (where it was consistently under fire).

Immediately after this, I doubled down on my blunder, which invited weakness into my position.

```chesser
fen: rn1qkb1r/pp1bpppp/5n2/1B1p4/8/2N5/PPPP1PPP/R1BQK1NR w KQkq - 4 6
orientation: black
drawable: true
id: gpCgHG7i
viewOnly: true
```

The correct move here was to kick the bishop. This move further dropped evaluation from +1.2 to +2.2. However, shortly after, my expected sequence of gambit moves occurred, instantly ending the endgame.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

An extremely large blunder occurred here. I should have checked the king, which would have won a rook or forced the king into a worse position and allowed me to castle. This dropped evaluation from -6.7 to -5.5.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

My idea with 16...Rd7 was to free myself to castle, which was slower than the knight fork. However, my next blunder was at 21...Bxd4?!, trading off the bishop and quickly entering an endgame. The correct move would have been to give the bishop more open space, and if the light-squared bishop was attacked, creating an x-ray threat on the dormant rook.

### Endgame

The endgame was extremely long and positional, featuring a number of blunders.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

Starting off on the wrong foot, I instantly missed a M#-2 sequence. The correct move ordering here was g3+, Kh1 (or Kg1) followed by swift Rd1#. I had 6:34 on the clock, my opponent had 7:06, so this is inexcusable.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

My next blunder was 38...Bc2??. This lost a mating line, but my idea was to create a discovered threat with rook check (if not noticed properly.) Since there were so few pieces, it would have been a better idea to simply attack the rook directly and simplify the position.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

I'm not sure what I was thinking with 39...Bd1??, but this should have instantly killed my game. The king and pawn have no legal moves in this position, meaning that white could have sacrificed the rook to draw the game or perpetually checked me.

```chesser
fen: r2qkb1r/pp1b1ppp/2n5/1B6/N2pn3/5N2/PPP2PPP/R1BQ1RK1 w kq - 0 11
orientation: black
drawable: true
viewOnly: true
id: 6hrE-IKj
```

At this point, white resigned. 42...Rh1?! was a 'blunder' in that it did not continue the M#-12 sequence; However, this ended the game, as I could simply march forwards and win.