## [Game 1](https://lichess.org/w4oJm7wX) - Rapid (10+5) - Black

I have a crippling addiction to the Caro-Kann, so despite a horrendous opening sequence, I ended up with an extremely easy win up 20 points of material. The game was effectively over once white hung their queen. This boosted my rating to 1276.

### PGN

```
1. d4 c6 2. e4 d5 3. e5 e6 4. Bd3 Nd7 5. Nf3 c5 6. c3 cxd4?! 7. Nxd4?? Bc5?? 8. Be3 Ne7?! 9. f4 O-O 10. Qh5 h6 11. Nd2 Qe8 12. N2f3 f6 13. exf6?? Qxh5 14. O-O-O?! Rxf6 15. Ne5 Nxe5 16. fxe5 Qxe5 17. Rde1 Bxd4 18. Bxd4 Qg5+ 19. Be3 Qxg2 20. Reg1 Qf3 21. Rg3 Qxh1+ 22. Rg1 Qxh2 23. Bd4 e5 24. Be3 e4 25. Bd4?! exd3 26. Bxf6 Qxg1+ 
```

### Opening

Despite white playing 1. d4, I ended up playing 1... c6, which was horrible. However, white decided to take center space and transpose into the [[Caro-Kann Defense#Advance Variation|Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation]]. I immediately forgot all theory but played relatively simply.

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

My first mistake was not knowing my opening - The advance variation has some pretty simple ideas with applying pressure to the position. I still ended up applying a ridiculous amount of pressure, but I should have played a gambit with the pawn.

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

Now that we had a fairly closed and equalized position, I tried to vent pressure early, trading into a losing pawn. I should have kept the tension here.

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

There was a free pawn and a threat on the bishop here that I ignored.

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

Another free pawn and a threat of a bishop I ignored.

### Middlegame

I played a move that was a brilliancy here, which I'm very proud of. The idea was to open the queen, and if he traded, I would be able to break up his center for free (effectively). However, I didn't expect white to instantaneously blunder and lose.

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

Rather than trading, white played 13. exf6??, instantly losing his queen. From there on, the match was extremely one-sided, and I did not blunder significantly.

### Endgame

```chesser
orientation: black
viewOnly: true
id: 7m1-8AFy
```

This was the only significant blunder I made throughout the entirety of the endgame - I missed M#-1, as I was greedy to keep taking material. There was no conceivable way I would have lost this endgame, but I blundered it anyways.

After I took the rook, my opponent resigned, down 20 points of material.