## [Game 1](https://lichess.org/y2fX6OhM) - Rapid (10+5) - White

The game was rough throughout the middle, but ended abruptly with a mating sequence. This resulted in my ELO raising to 1263.

### PGN

```
1. e4 c6 2. d4 d5 3. f3 e6 4. e5 b6?! 5. Ne2?! c5 6. Nbc3 Nc6 7. Be3 c4? 8. Qd2 Nge7 9. Bg5 h6 10. Be3 Nf5 11. g4? Nxe3 12. Qxe3 Ba6?! 13. O-O-O? b5 14. f4?! b4 15. Na4 Bb5 16. b3?! cxb3?! 17. axb3 Bxa4 18. bxa4 Qa5 19. f5 Qxa4 20. fxe6?! Qa1+?? 21. Kd2 Qa5 22. exf7+ Kxf7 23. Qf4+?! Kg8?? 24. e6? b3+?! 25. Nc3?? Rc8?? 26. Qf7+ Kh7 27. Bd3# 
```

### Opening

The opening for this game ended up in the [[Caro-Kann Defense#Fantasy Variation|Caro-Kann Defense: Fantasy Variation]]. My first failing of the position was not properly understanding my opening. Specifically, with the move 4. e5, I instantly lost the first-move advantage:

```chesser
id: OOfeps72
viewOnly: true
```

Immediately afterwards, black set up a structure to challenge the center pawn. I incorrectly responded by developing a knight, where I should have instead pushed my pawn.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

The Fantasy variation is extremely intricate, requiring a solid series of pawn pushes, which I had not properly practiced. The remainder of my opening, though extremely positional, was fairly solid.

### Middlegame

Entering the midgame, my major ideas were to commit pawn breaks on the F and G files. However, I should have taken the more solid approach of building a pawn pyramid and keeping my light squared bishop active from the back ranks.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

Trading my bishop in this position was not favorable. My understanding was that bishops favor open positions to closed positions, but I was attempting to open the position via a pawn break anyways. The knight also had no favorable moves after the pawn push, so I could have successfully trapped it and wasted black's tempo.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

I'm not sure why I changed my plans to attack and pawn break in the center here, but I should have continued to do so.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

The position at this moment is clearly not in my favor. Instead of continuing the pawn push, I should have played more defensively, stopping the pawn push from taking my knight.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: false
```

Not noticing that Nc5 was guarded by the pawn, I foolishly played 16. b3?!, sacrificing king safety for no reason.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

This move looked stupid, but I personally think it was a brilliancy - Regardless of whether the queen would have come in, I was opening up black's king. Qa1+ was probably going to happen in this position, so I didn't consider it when moving. Personally, knowing that the opponent was going to play Qa1+, this was a good move in the scenario - For the remainder of the game, I was winning.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```

I cannot figure out for the life of me why this is a blunder. It seems that central pawn is fairly important, so removing a protector of it allows the knight a chance to get in. However, this position is now drawn with perfect play.

From this position, black played 25...Rc8??, instantly losing the game. Luckily, I found the mating sequence.

```chesser
id: wIvX3G4M
viewOnly: true
```
