## [Game 1](https://lichess.org/jM926QpH) - Rapid (10+5) - White

This game was honestly depressing. I hung my queen on move 10 without noticing and instantly resigned. I spent 19 seconds evaluating this move and didn't notice the bishop on the open diagonal. Needless to say, I should not be allowed to play chess ever again.

My rating dropped to 1264, and I lost my 3-game winning streak. What a great way to get humbled quickly.

### PGN

```
1. e4 c5 2. Nc3 Nc6 3. Nf3 d6 4. d4 cxd4 5. Nxd4 g6 6. Nxc6 bxc6 7. Bd3 Bg7 8. O-O Nf6 9. Qf3 O-O 10. Qh3??
```

### Opening

The opening was the [[Sicilian Defense]], which I know almost zero theory about. As such I entered the [[Sicilian Defense#Closed Variation|Closed Variation]] and tried not to get bullied.

```chesser
id: ixu0AKZa
viewOnly: true
```

Apparently, I played the traditional opening for the closed variation of the Sicilian without noticing. However, I should not have taken and instead developed my bishop early. This wasn't a huge blunder - I should have instead focused on development.

```chesser
id: ixu0AKZa
viewOnly: true
```

Here I should have counter-fianchetto'd - Black's knight was relatively weak, nonthreatening, and was wrestling for control of the major black diagonal.

### Middlegame

I had so many ideas for random attacks and instead I threw away the entire game.

```chesser
id: ixu0AKZa
viewOnly: true
```

You win some, you lose more.

## [Game 2](https://lichess.org/uqud61r1) - Rapid (10+5) - Black

This game was weird (and extremely tactics-heavy). After the complete humiliation before, I ended up finding some really REALLY interesting moves in the late game. I blundered a lot early, though. After this game, my rating went back up to 1274, meaning I had lost 2 points over the day.

### PGN

```
1. d4 c6 2. c4 d5 3. cxd5 cxd5 4. Nc3 Nc6 5. e3 e5?! 6. Bb5? exd4?@ 7. Qxd4 Qb6?? 8. Qxd5?? Nf6 9. Qd1 Bb4 10. Bd2?? Bxc3 11. Bxc6+ Qxc6 12. Bxc3 O-O?? 13. Nf3?! Ne4 14. O-O Bf5? 15. Ne5 Nxc3 16. Qd4?? Ne2+ 17. Kh1 Nxd4 18. Nxc6 Nxc6 19. Rad1 Be4 20. f3 Bc2 21. Rd2 Ba4 22. b3 Bb5 23. Rfd1 Rad8 24. h3 Be2 25. Rxd8 Rxd8 26. Rxd8+ Nxd8 27. Kg1 Bd3 28. e4 a5 29. a4 Nc6
```

### Opening

I tried playing the Caro-Kann into 1. d4 again, which is always a mistake. I ended up getting into a weird line of the [[Slav Defense#Exchange Variation|Slav Defense: Exchange Variation]]. Needless to say, I had no semblance of theory going into this game.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

Here I should have pushed the pawn instead of capturing the center. This would have closed the position up, with me gaining central control.

### Middlegame

I instantly blundered by looking at the position and going "wait, can't I trade my queen to open a file?" The answer was no. I could not do that.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

The correct move was developing. Unfortunately, I was an idiot for not doing this.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

There was a free rook here. I could have taken it. It was mine to take. That's disappointing.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

This is one of those positional mistakes I shouldn't have made - The bishop had major control over the diagonal, so I should have just taken it instead of playing around. This lead into one of the interesting parts of the middlegame.

### Endgame

Throughout the entire endgame, I (apparently) played extremely well. It was hard not to - I was up several pieces. White's first mistake was attacking my queen, at which point I instead decided to play with a gambit.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

This wasn't a great gambit - Following the taking sequence here, he wins my bishop after a check. If he took the knight, I didn't have any response other than taking the free pawn coming out. However, white responded by blundering the entire game:

```chesser
orientation: black
id: enLQ2yaJ
viewOnly: true
```

From here, it's game over - White blunders into a fork, instantly losing all of his pieces. White shortly traded both of his rooks (while down material) rendering the endgame unwinnable for him, and resigned.

## [Game 3](https://lichess.org/P1rAHhS6) - Rapid (10+5) - White

It is not my day for the white pieces! I ended up getting checkmated early, forcing my ELO down to 1262, which is -14 for the day. I played with a solid middlegame until I accidentally hung M#-2. I played fairly well too, and was seriously up on time - I just got cocky with my attack, lost the thread, and didn't play good positional solid chess.

### PGN

```
1. e4 d5 2. exd5 e6?! 3. d4? exd5 4. Qe2+ Be7 5. Nc3 Nf6 6. Be3 O-O 7. O-O-O Re8 8. Qd2 Nc6 9. Nf3 a5 10. h3 a4 11. a3 Bd7?! 12. g4 Na7?! 13. g5 Nh5?! 14. Nxd5 Nb5 15. Be2 Nxa3 16. bxa3?! Bxa3+ 17. Kb1 c6 18. Nb6?? Qxb6+ 19. Ka1 Qb2#
```

### Opening

The opening transposed from the [[Scandinavian Defense]] to the [[French Defense#Exchange Variation|French Defense: Exchange Variation]] in terms of opening books. In actuality, black didn't know any of their opening theory. As such, we got into an extremely unfamiliar D-pawn game that I wasn't very comfortable navigating.

```chesser
id: OtY8pdGP
viewOnly: true
```

In chess, space is everything. I should have reclaimed space here instead of wasting my time. This was a mistake. Luckily, I didn't make any other blunders in the opening.

### Middlegame

I actually played the middlegame fairly well. My first inaccuracy was on move 16:

```chesser
id: OtY8pdGP
viewOnly: true
```

Instead of taking back the knight here, I should have stockpiled pressure. This lost me a bit of advantage, as I effectively took back into check.

### Endgame

I threw away the game here, up significantly on time and cocky.

```chesser
id: OtY8pdGP
viewOnly: true
```

This move invites M#-2. Why did I play this? I have no goddamn clue.

## [Game 4](https://lichess.org/o67y3QYK) - Rapid (10+5) - Black

 I had a winning endgame and the game was extremely positional and complicated. I fumbled. I was also losing significantly in the early game. Needless to say, this game crushed me. After this game, I dropped to 1252, losing 24 points over the day.

### PGN

```
1. e4 c6 2. Nf3 d5 3. exd5 cxd5 4. Bb5+ Bd7 5. Bxd7+ Nxd7 6. d4 Ngf6 7. Bg5 e5?? 8. dxe5 Nxe5 9. Nxe5 Qe7 10. Qe2 Qe6 11. Bxf6 Qxf6? 12. Ng4+?! Qe7 13. Qxe7+ Bxe7 14. O-O O-O 15. Nc3 d4 16. Nd5?! Bd8?! 17. Ne5 Re8 18. Nf3 Re4 19. Rad1 Re2 20. Nxd4 Re5 21. Nf3 Re4 22. Nc3 Rf4 23. Nd5 Re4 24. c3 Rc8 25. Nd2 Re5 26. Nb4 Be7 27. Nf3 Rec5 28. Nd3 Rd5 29. a3 Rcd8 30. Nfe1 a5 31. b4 b6 32. c4 Rd4 33. c5?! bxc5 34. bxa5?? c4 35. Nb2 c3?? 36. Rxd4 Rxd4 37. Nc2 Rd2 38. a6?? cxb2 39. a7 Rd8 40. a4?? Ra8 41. Rb1 Rxa7?? 42. Rxb2 Rxa4 43. Rb8+ Bf8 44. Kf1 f5 45. Ke2 g5 46. Ne3 Ra2+ 47. Kf3 g4+ 48. Kg3 f4+ 49. Kxg4?? fxe3 50. fxe3 Rxg2+ 51. Kh3 Re2 52. Re8 Kf7 53. Re4 Bc5 54. Rf4+ Kg6 55. Rg4+ Kf5 56. Rf4+ Ke5?? 57. Rf3?? Bxe3 58. Kg3 Bf4+?? 59. Rxf4 Re3+ 60. Rf3 Ke4 61. Rxe3+ Kxe3 62. Kg4 Ke4 63. Kg5 Ke5 64. h4 Ke6 65. Kh6 Kf6 66. Kxh7 Kf5 67. h5 Kg5?? 68. h6 Kh5 69. Kg7 Kg5 70. h7 Kf5 71. h8=Q Ke5 72. Qf8 Ke4 73. Qf7 Kd4 74. Qe8 Kd5 75. Kf6 Kd4 76. Kf5 Kd5 77. Qd8+ Kc4 78. Ke5 Kc3 79. Ke4 Kc4 80. Qc8+ Kb5 81. Kd4 Kb6 82. Qc1 Kb5 83. Qc2 Kb4 84. Qb1+ Ka3 85. Qb8 Ka4 86. Kc5 Ka3 87. Kc4 Ka2 88. Kc3 Ka1 89. Kc2 Ka2 90. Qa8# 
```

### Opening

The opening was a strange line of the [[Caro-Kann Defense#Nf3 Variation|Caro-Kann Defense: 2. Nf3]]. My first mistake was trying to gambit a pawn early, losing center control.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

This move forces my knight into a pin, forces a pawn towards my knight (???), and all I get out of it is a meaningless queen pinning the knight (while STILL pinning the other knight). Tactics shouldn't be sought after unless they win material.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

My second (and final) mistake in the opening was taking the pinned bishop with the queen, which instantly blunders into either checkmate or losing my queen. Luckily white didn't notice this, but if they looked for checks, I would have lost instantaneously.

### Middlegame

Once the queens were traded off, I entered a tense middlegame. However, I still made a series of mistakes:

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

Moving my bishop out of check into the fray would have rendered my piece more active.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

Here I was far too worried on whether or not my pawn would queen. My brain puts unnecessary emphasis on pawns that are close to promotion - It's just a pawn.

### Endgame

After a rook was traded, the endgame became tense. For a small amount of time, it was in my favor - Then I gave it away.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

That pawn wasn't going anywhere - I should have moved my bishop to protect my promoting pawn. This would have forced the rook to either sacrifice or stay there forever.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

Stepping away from the pawn I had was my mistake.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

Keeping this tension forces zugzwang. I should not have thrown away my bishop for nothing.

```chesser
orientation: black
id: KhCYDIfU
viewOnly: true
```

Moving downwards here forces stalemate, but moving towards the king here forces a queen. With this last blunder, I lost the game.
